hello everyone I'm going to teach you
how to make kick now all right now all
you have to do is find a chicken on the
pasture and I'm going to find a chicken
find a chicken usually have to look out
pastures and also it's under enforce to
also near water sources I locally made
tiny born right here I would say it's
much of a barn value chicken ahead
hopefully it's laid an egg yep perfect
now what I do is just get out maybe set
this thing free
i'm going to send open so sorry if it's
like all then like pure is it really
good i would say trust me i know how to
get back to my house oh yeah I almost
forgot you need to milk some cows
already have some well done right here
and all i needs one more milk all you
have to do is cook to a cow and
right-click it when they got some milk
you can write to it you can get milk
from the same cow as much as you want
well here is some sugar cane you can
find sugar cane by so watered areas you
can most of the time they're on sand but
sometimes they are dirt I put on San
because I thought it looked a little
nicer shot these things now just going
to chop down a couple of sorry that's um
triplicane my house
then you get some weight which you
usually I put them near water sewage
because Mason grow faster you won't have
to and also it turns back to derrida
video and advil water source thanks to
it unless that's what I think and if we
usually just hit the little grass things
until you find a seat
I don't put that maybe over here
gosh present
not there is there's one seed now you
just wanna demonstrate
so I'm going to go ahead and go back in
my house
and crap all right I'm gonna get some
paint your job already done all right
the weeds up here all my cooking stuff
is up here saya crafted sugar cane sugar
and take the egg
but AG in the middle drink milk on top
oh I forgot my mitt sorry for let's take
the meat that makes bread but put three
milk on the top on horizontal line for
one egg in the middle put three weed on
the bottom up on a horizontal line let
some shoes on the sides you gotta take
the buckets stay they just empty out the
milk they say like this so that's about
it that's all you need to do I made lots
of cake kind of go and add this to my
collection and I'll see you later hey
I'm not really sure cuz I can't tell
them this video was in this case I
thought it would be but oh well I'll see
you like